Title:	Code Co-op v.4.6
Vendor Name: Reliable Software
Product Name: Code Co-op
URL http://www.relisoft.com/co_op/index.htm 
Logo File Name ReliableSoftware.jpg 
Install File Name co-op.exe 
CD Section Trial 
Copyright All rights reserved
Borland Product Delphi
Category Source Components 
SKUs Personal, Standard, Pro, Enterprise, Open Edition
Version  5 to 10
Short Description:
Keep your Windows development projects organized across multiple development languages with Code Co-op, the peer-to-peer version control system.  
Long Description:
Manage your code development with Code Co-op, the affordable, peer-to-peer version control system for distributed teams.. Code Co-op enables developers to work on- and off-site with complete access to their project history and files -- no server required. Collaborate using Email, LAN or VPN.

Download the 31-day full-featured trial and start collaborating today.

VERSION CONTROL BUILT FOR DISTRIBUTED TEAMS
Designed with a distributed team in mind, Code Co-op provides version control and configuration management for teams worldwide using LAN to connect onsite teams and Email to connect offsite teams. Code Co-op provides increased flexibility in how teams collaborate, while eliminating the need for a central server. No server means no costly maintenance and synchronization is automatic. High bandwidth is not required.

HAVE YOUR PROJECT AT YOUR FINGERTIPS
Code Co-op maintains a copy of the project on each person’s workstation giving you immediate access to your project. You can check-out and modify files, review and make comparisons in your project history, and visually view or test your changes -- all from your workstation. This gives you the efficiency and ease not found in other version control or configuration management systems. And, whenever changes are checked in, a small synch script (containing the deltas) is created and distributed to other members.  That way you always know when a change is made and by whom. 

ASSURANCE THAT YOUR PROJECT DATABASE IS SECURE
Knowing that your project database is secure and protected from inadvertent shutdowns or changes made outside of version control is essential. Code Co-op uses a proprietary, fully transacted database so an incomplete check-in will not affect your database. If inadvertent changes are made outside of Code Co-op, you can repair the project.  Additional project security is at the very core of Code Co-op. Since Code Co-op is a completely distributed system, you have an automatic back-up of your project database on each member’s computer.  

VERSION CONTROL SHOULD BE EASY TO USE AND UNOBTRUSIVE
Making it easy to access your project is essential. Code Co-op achieves this by using a straight-forward, intuitive GUI. Additionally, if you have a preferred environment, Code Co-op integrates with many IDEs including VisualStudio.NET, Visual SlickEdit, Borland C++ Builder and Delphi. Additional command-line applets are also available so you can automate many tasks locally or remotely.

ROBUST VERSION CONTROL DOES NOT HAVE TO COST A FORTUNE
Robust functionality without compromise while maintaining affordability is a priority with Code Co-op. Since it is server-less, there is no hardware to purchase or maintenance to commit to. Code Co-op runs on the Windows platform and utilizes Simple Mapi/Mapi email clients for offsite development. Code Co-op is ideally suited for small to medium-sized Windows development teams and costs only $159 per workstation.

EASY TO INSTALL AND IMPLEMENT
The installation and implementation process for Code Co-op takes only a few minutes even for a team of developers. The wizards and Beginner’s Tips will guide you through the set-up and implementation process so you’re able to start developing quickly. With one command, you can add an existing project to Code Co-op. Or, simply drag and drop files into your new Code Co-op project.

With Code Co-op you can: 
  - Collaborate from anywhere using Email, LAN, and VPN
  - Access your project files and history without a network connection
  - Review file changes with the built-in Visual Differ or Beyond Compare Differ
  - View, compare, or restore any iteration of your project or file regardless of a label
  - Integrate with your favorite development tools (tool list)
  - Forgo costly server maintenance
  - Rely on a secure, fully transactional database with automatic back-ups
  - Implement source control in minutes for only $159 per user
